Andy additions from pillars (#4)
ivorc/pd-quality-framework: principles/reliability.md

# Reliability

## Context

* These notes are part of a broader set of [principles](../principles.md)

## Principles

* Design for failure: assume everything will fail at some point, so:
    * Implement loose coupling where possible to minimise the impact of component failure
    * Infrastructure should all be appropriately resilient, for example via tools such as [AWS auto-scaling groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/AutoScalingGroup.html)
* Services should scale automatically up and down
* Releases should, where possible, not incur any service downtime

> * Monitoring must cover both application and infrastructure, with a minimum of a healthcheck per endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monitoring must cover both application and infrastructure, and should include active monitoring of the healthcheck endpoint for each service and passive monitoring, e.g. of the HTTP response code reported from the load balancer.
```
